Glenn Maxwell
Australia

Allrounder

One of the fastest scorers in world cricket, Glenn Maxwell looked set to be a long-term a key man in Australia's middle
 order in the shorter formats. It is not just his power that worries opposing bowlers and captains. His ability to make unconventional shots appear routine - reverse sweeps and pulls, for example - makes it hard to set fields to cover all of his scoring areas. His audacity comes with risk, and he can exasperate 
as well as exhilarate, but at his best he can change a game in moments. However, in 2017-18 his career entered a confusing stage as he was dropped from the ODI side and then told by new coach Justin Langer to "go and make hundreds" without seemingly being given the opportunities to do so.


Mitchell Starc
Australia

Bowler

First there was Johnson, then there was Starc. A left-armer called Mitchell has been a staple of Australia's 
attack for most of the past decade and seems set to remain so for the foreseeable future. While Johnson was 
more express, Starc is still quick enough to make life uncomfortable for opposition batsmen, especially with the bounce gained from his 1.96m height - and boasts greater control of swing than his older colleague. Never was that shown to greater effect than during the 2015 World Cup, when Starc was at times 
unplayable, his inswingers rattling stumps and trapping batsmen in front throughout the competition. Not surprisingly he was named Player of the Tournament for his 22 victims at 10.18, and his challenge was to take that white-ball form and perform just as consistently with the red ball. Starc struggled to gain the consistent backing of the selectors early in his Test career and was often in one Test and out the next, but in 2015 he finally enjoyed a solid run of Test cricket until an ankle injury 
stopped him during the home summer. His career-best match haul of 11 for 94 came in the notable surroundings of Galle - albeit in an Australia defeat - and he claimed 22 wickets in four Tests during the 2017-18 Ashes. Also a classy lower-order batsman, Starc fell one short of a Test century in Mohali in 2013.


